README.md, before:

lws-esp32-test-server-demos
===========================

## For use with lws-esp32-factory

This relies on setup capability provided by

https://github.com/warmcat/lws-esp32-factory

which runs from the "factory" partition on ESP32.  This app is
designed to run from the 2.9MB OTA partition.

## New!

This includes the latest lws HTTP/2 support now, improved
memory management for headers, and mbedTLS wrapper fixes to
improve speed when multiple SSL connections are coming.

It also now supports ws-over-http2 tunelling, meaning all
the ws connections and the http actions share the same tls
tunnel.  This makes a massive improvement in speed and
reduced memory consumption.

As of 2018-03-14 only Chrome Canary 67 supports this new
mode, but support in other browsers is coming.

## About this demo

This demo is the standard lws test server using the standard lws test
protocol plugins.

When you open the page the html / png assets are served over http/2
or http/1 depending on how you connected.  Then the browser connects
back over http/1 and upgrades to ws.

Basic auth is also demoed, see main/main.c for the details of how it
works.  You can visit the URL /secret, which you cannot see until
you log in with "user" and "password".  These are set in code in
main/main.c.

It opens a lot of simultaneous https connections, one for each ws
protocol and one for http/2 to carry the HTML and images, so on ESP32
it's a bit slow to start up.

The demo uses my mbedtls patches for dynamic buffer allocation, so
compared to the unpatched mbedtls, you can open many tls connections
without killing your RAM.

## Build

This was built and tested againt esp-idf 77eae33a7ec6c4d42552b07f3dc2f51d0ff4e49c from 2018-03-14.

Clone and bring in the lws submodule (it's unpatched lws master)

```
  $ git clone git@github.com:warmcat/lws-esp32-test-server-demos.git
  $ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

```
 $ make flash_ota ; make monitor
```

## Using the lws test apps

See what IP your ESP32 got from your AP, the visit it in your browser
using, eg https://192.168.2.249

If your dhcp server provides your dns, you can also reach the device
using lws-serial, eg, https://lws-1234 or https://lws-1234.local

 - dumb increment should be updating at ~20Hz

 - mirror should let you draw in the canvas... open a second browser
   instance and they should be able to see each other's drawings

 - close testing should work

 - server info should reflect browsers open on the site dynamically

 - POST tests should pass the string and upload the file if one given

 - The button at the bottom should reset you into the setup / factory app

 - The "War and Peace" demo should load the 4MB text from the 1.2MB gzipped zip
   file directly, using gzipped data to the browser.

Commit message:

sdkconfig: remove MBEDTLS_SSL_MAX_CONTENT_LEN limit and add note in README

README.md, after:

lws-esp32-test-server-demos
===========================

## For use with lws-esp32-factory

This relies on setup capability provided by

https://github.com/warmcat/lws-esp32-factory

which runs from the "factory" partition on ESP32.  This app is
designed to run from the 2.9MB OTA partition.

## New!

This includes the latest lws HTTP/2 support now, improved
memory management for headers, and mbedTLS wrapper fixes to
improve speed when multiple SSL connections are coming.

It also now supports ws-over-http2 tunelling, meaning all
the ws connections and the http actions share the same tls
tunnel.  This makes a massive improvement in speed and
reduced memory consumption.

As of 2018-04-12 only Chrome Canary 67 supports this new
mode, but support in other browsers is coming.  Chrome
Canary 67 must be started to --enable-websocket-over-http2 to
allow the new feature to operate.

## About this demo

This demo is the standard lws test server using the standard lws test
protocol plugins.

When you open the page the html / png assets are served over http/2
or http/1 depending on how you connected.  Then the browser connects
back over http/1 and upgrades to ws.

Basic auth is also demoed, see main/main.c for the details of how it
works.  You can visit the URL /secret, which you cannot see until
you log in with "user" and "password".  These are set in code in
main/main.c.

It opens a lot of simultaneous https connections, one for each ws
protocol and one for http/2 to carry the HTML and images, so on ESP32
it's a bit slow to start up.

The demo uses my mbedtls patches for dynamic buffer allocation, so
compared to the unpatched mbedtls, you can open many tls connections
without killing your RAM.  **NOTE** You should set MBEDTLS_SSL_MAX_CONTENT_LEN
to 16384 in your sdkconfig.  The patched mbedtls will adapt the buffer
sizes according to what is actually sent or received.

## Build

This was built and tested againt esp-idf bae9709a7950e2ee08e14c65be27831bcb547105 from 2018-04-11.

Clone and bring in the lws submodule (it's unpatched lws master)

```
  $ git clone git@github.com:warmcat/lws-esp32-test-server-demos.git
  $ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

```
 $ make flash_ota ; make monitor
```

## Using the lws test apps

See what IP your ESP32 got from your AP, the visit it in your browser
using, eg https://192.168.2.249

If your dhcp server provides your dns, you can also reach the device
using lws-serial, eg, https://lws-1234 or https://lws-1234.local

 - dumb increment should be updating at ~20Hz

 - mirror should let you draw in the canvas... open a second browser
   instance and they should be able to see each other's drawings

 - close testing should work

 - server info should reflect browsers open on the site dynamically

 - POST tests should pass the string and upload the file if one given

 - The button at the bottom should reset you into the setup / factory app

 - The "War and Peace" demo should load the 4MB text from the 1.2MB gzipped zip
   file directly, using gzipped data to the browser.
